[Music]
how the Game of Thrones characters
should really look without all the blood
maybe over six seasons the Game of
Thrones TV series based on a series of
novels a Song of Ice and Fire
managed to break lots of records and set
new rules for television series to come
it collected millions of loyal fans who
seemed to know absolutely everything
about the inhabitants of the Seven
Kingdoms however not all the fans
realize that many of the screen images
are far from the books original
creations let's find out how the
characters created by george RR martin
should look Daenerys Targaryen it's
completely impossible to imagine someone
else playing the role of Daenerys
instead of Emilia Clarke right she did a
wonderful job portraying the mother of
dragons and her journey from being
innocent and a bit naive teenager to
becoming a strong and independent leader
but is her visual image right according
to the books hmm let's see on the books
pages Daenerys Stormborn is a true
beauty with a classic Valyrian
appearance silver hair and violet eyes
so beautiful check
silver hair check violet eyes not so
much plus Daenerys spent a significant
amount of time being bold in a Clash of
Kings book apart from these little
details Game of Thrones stuck to the
original image of Daenerys perfectly Jon
Snow you know nothing Jon Snow
john knows nothing snow is one of the
most beloved characters from Game of
Thrones series fans all around the world
quickly fell in love with the sweet and
chivalrous Ned Stark's bastard son well
played by Kit Harington so are there any
differences between the appearances of
John snow from TV and John snow from the
books just a couple of small ones
according to the books John snow looked
more like stark than any of his
half-brothers the future Lord Commander
of the watch was presented to the reader
as a dark-haired greed young man so
apart from the eye color Jon Snow from
the series is pretty similar to the
original description bran stark bran
stark played in the series by Isaac
Hempstead right is the second youngest
child in the big stark family we all
know his story in the series but
surprisingly enough his TV appearance is
completely different from the books you
see while writing the books george RR
martin decided that brand as well as all
of his blood brothers would inherit his
mother's appearance dark blue eyes and
reddish brown hair however in the series
only Sansa has obvious Catalans features
other stark children look more like
their father so do you think that bran
taking more after Katalin would look
better in the series tell us in the
comments
Ygritte one of the most memorable Game
of Thrones characters is Ygritte an
amazingly skilled Archer and a woman who
pointed out that Jon Snow actually knows
nothing first according to the book Jon
Snow's only love has features that are
quite different from the screen image
bright red scruffy hair a snub nose too
far apart eyes and slightly crooked
teeth so it's safe to say that Rose
Leslie is a much more attractive version
of ignorant still her portrayal of the
character looks convincingly lively and
authentic no matter the physical
differences Tywin Lannister Tywin
Lannister is one of the wealthiest and
most high-powered people in the Game of
Thrones world he doesn't appear in the
series that much but it still
interesting to see his silent power and
confidence as well as follow his
relationships with his children but what
about his book appearance is it
portrayed correctly in the series well
in the books the head of the house of
Lannister was conceived as the tall man
who has a mustache beard fix sideburns
and a clean-shaven head so Charles dance
is almost visually perfect in the series
there's just a couple of details missing
Tyrion the IMP Lannister it's hard to
forget Tyrion Lannister he is the
youngest son of Tywin and one of the
coolest characters not only in Game of
Thrones but in the history of television
as well if we talk about his overall
look in the series it's way different
from the book version to match the
source Peter Dinklage his hair should be
whitish one eye should be black and the
other green now according to the book
after the Battle of Blackwater Bay
Tyrion lost three-quarters of his nose
and a part of his lip but the producers
decided to confine themselves to just
scars on his face so how do you like
this version of Tyria we think that his
charisma would have made him one of the
most adored characters of the series
anyway Tommen Baratheon Tommen Baratheon
is the youngest child of King Robert
Baratheon and Queen Cersei Lannister he
is a good-hearted very tender and kind
boy this character was played by two
different people in the series for the
first two seasons it was Callum War II
and later his place was taken by Dean
Charles Chapman so how exactly should
Tom and look according to the books
well King Tommen should have appeared
before the viewers as a plump boy with
emerald green eyes and golden curls so
as it turns out TV series Tommen is not
that far away from the books version
good job HBO theon greyjoy
now let's talk about the members of the
Greyjoy family let's start with Theon
shall we as most of you probably
remember he is the only living son of
the Lord Baylon Greyjoy of the Iron
Islands and was raised by Starks as a
ward so what about his original looks in
contrast with the TV version the book
presents the heir of the Iron Islands as
a dark-skinned and dark-haired man after
he was tortured by probably the most
despicable person in the whole series
Ramsay Bolton who we will talk about a
bit later - his hair turned white and he
lost some of his fingers toes teeth and
other quite valuable thing as well Alfie
Allen who plays Theon in the series has
a lighter skin and hair and a better
after torture look but no matter the
differences he still plays the character
perfectly Yara Asha Greyjoy Yara is
Theon sister and balance choice as an
heir to the Iron Islands throne she's an
incredible captain who commands a crew
full of men and a strong independent
woman in the TV series
Theon's sister changed not only her name
Asha - Yara but also a little bit of her
appearance she should have had short
dark hair a sharp and large nose and
weathered skin on her face
writers explained the name change later
saying that the producers of the series
decided to rename the character Yara to
avoid the confusion with the other
character called OSHA there are some
other details of Yara's appearance that
aren't that close to the book image as
well but it's still nothing extremely
critical Iran crows aye Greyjoy Iran is
Theon and Yara's uncle who killed their
father and claimed the throne in the
facial features of Euron from the TV
series we can hardly recognize his book
version according to george RR martin he
should have been a brunette with a neat
beard with his right eye blue and the
left one covered with a leather patch
so we see a bit lighter version of the
character on the screen no eyepatch or
black beer the portrayal of the
character is still authentic of course
but do you think that the books version
is better share your opinions in the
comments Brienne of Tarth Brienne is one
of the most fascinating characters in
the Game of Thrones universe she's the
only daughter of Lord Selwyn Tarth
she's unfeminine and considered to be
unattractive by the restaurants tea
standards of course in the TV series
Brienne was often jeered at because of
her unusual appearance and lack of
ladyness but there she doesn't even have
the big mouth crooked teeth and freckled
face as her character in the book does
so once again
Gwendoline Christie is actually way too
pretty for books Brienne Oberyn the red
Viper Martell it's hard to forget Oberyn
Martell from Game of Thrones especially
if you already got to the end of season
4 right in the series he was played by
the charismatic Pedro Pascal but does
his appearance match the books one let's
see in the books Oberyn is described as
an exceptional fighter who is quite
hot-headed but smart he has black eyes
sharp nose and long black hair so Pedro
Pascal as the Prince of Dorne
corresponds to the book description
pretty well yet his hair should be
slightly longer and gray
Ramsay Bolton Ramsay Bolton
exceptionally played by he want
without a doubt one of the most hated
characters in Game of Thrones if he just
started watching the series and think
there can't be anybody worse than
Jeffery you're in for a big surprise
so Ramsay is the bastard son of the
Roose Bolton in the books the author
tried to make Ramsay's appearance as
awful and unpleasant as the character's
personality according to the original
idea the skin on his face was pink and
pimply his nose was wide his mouth small
and his hair long and dry
he had close-set washy eyes which looked
like two fragments of dirty ice and even
though he won Rihanna again makes quite
a handsome Bolton he still did a great
job at bringing Ramsay's nasty
personality to life Daario naharis and
now the biggest surprise of them all
Daario naharis he is a former Daenerys
advisor and enforcer this character was
again played by two people
ed skrein started derry-o story in
season 3 and Michael Holzman continued
it in season 4 and none of them were
actually close to Dario's original
description in the books one of the
commanders of Daenerys has blue hair and
a trident shaped beard of the same color
while his moustache was painted gold
yes that's authentic to the books Daario
naharis for you how do you like this
look don't forget to tell us your
thoughts in the comments below
Lancel Lannister
Lancel Lannister is the eldest son of
Kevan Lannister as the series continued
his story took quite a turn he joined
the sparrows religious movement and
abandoned his family name becoming
simply brother Lancel by the time this
happened and Lancel appealed to the
faith of the seven his appearance had
changed a lot in the book his hair
turned white as chalk and his face
became Brae the creators of the show
however decided to designate the changes
in his life with a new haircut only but
if they didn't make such a decision
Lance
would look like this what is your
all-time favorite character from Game of
Thrones and why tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to hit the
like button and share this video with
all your friends subscribe to our
channel to see more fun videos and
always stay on the bright side